1. Tom.  Started with crude guesses, but gradually refined.  More
complex = morass of tiny details.  Structure might simplify into
regions, and hence the regions will be less complex.

2. Kovila.  More complex = more mixtures of color and texture; some
awareness of 3-D aspects.

3. John Mace.  More complex = greater amount of different colors;
brighter colors are more complex; smaller blobs are more complex; lots
of small regions are more complex than large regions.  One way to judge
would be to imagine how hard it would be to paint these images; the
harder, the more complex.

4. Maryam. More complex = more colors, that is, more of different
colors.  If hung on my wall. I would choose the less complex, because
the images of higher complexity make me uneasy.

5. Eshan.  More complex = higher color contrast, more intense color.
More complex would be yellow and blue together/overlapping; how detailed
the patterns are; lots of little things is more complex than a few big
things.

6. Janette. More complex = more intricate patterns, more interlinked
patterns.

7. Joan. Initially thought that the images were aerial photos, as a
photo from very high would have been more complex because it would
represent a lot of fine detail on the ground.  When I explained that the
images were paint on a table, she immediately changed her perspective,
and chose the other image (on the start-up screen, the first pair of
images).  So, more complex = more colors, more texture.

8. Roben. More complex = more texture, and more feeling of
3-dimensionality.

9. Aad.  More complex = multiple colors and shapes; more complex = more
difficult to reproduce (or describe); more complex = colors less clearly
delineated, i.e., more in a continuum; more complex = more colors, but
where the colors are more diffuse.  More structure = less complex.

10. David Sanchez. More complex = greater number of colors, size of
spots (smaller = more complex); more complex if there are no obvious
patterns (such as stripes).

11. Luca. More complex = higher number of unique colors and/or elements.

12. Ricky. More complex = more colors, more patterns/shapes.

13. Uchechi. More complex = more different shapes, more different
colors.